Add explanation about how Rust's postfix await syntax is ergonomic (#262)
rust-lang/async-book: src/part-guide/async-await.md

We stated above that a future is a computation that will be ready at some point in the future. To get the result of that computation, we use the `await` keyword. If the result is ready immediately or can be computed without waiting, then `await` simply does that computation to produce the result. However, if the result is not ready, then `await` hands control over to the scheduler so that another task can proceed (this is cooperative multitasking mentioned in the previous chapter).

> If you're coming from Python or JavaScript, you may be used to writing `await` before an expression, such as `await some_function()`. This is known as a prefix operator. In Rust, however, the syntax for using await is `some_future.await`, i.e., it is a postfix keyword used with the `.` operator. That means it can be used ergonomically in chains of method calls and field accesses.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to start with the Rust syntax, and then add the sentence about Python/JS. The idea is to priorise Rust and de-prioritise experience with other languages

> Suppose you're calling an async function that makes a network request and want to access the status code of the response. With the prefix `await` syntax, you would need to prepend `await` to `fetch()`, then wrap the expression in parentheses to access the status code, like `(await fetch()).status_code`. In Rust, you can simply write `fetch().await.status_code?`. This becomes especially helpful in longer chains. A prefix-style expression like `(await (await fetch()).json()).data` can make it hard to see what is being awaited. In Rust, the equivalent reads naturally as `fetch().await.json().await.data?`.

Reviewer: I would prefix this paragraph with something like "To see why postfix await is often more ergonomic, suppose ..."

Reviewer: "In Rust, you can simply write" -> "In Rust, you can write"

Reviewer: "A prefix-style expression like `(await (await fetch()).json()).data` can make it hard to see what is being awaited. In Rust, the equivalent reads naturally as `fetch().await.json().await.data?`." -> "E.g., an expression with two prefix awaits looks like `(await (await fetch()).json()).data`, whereas the Rust equivalent is `fetch().await.json().await.data?`, which reads more naturally.

> To see why postfix await is often more ergonomic, suppose you're calling an async function that makes a network request and want to access the status code of the response. With the prefix `await` syntax, you would need to prepend `await` to `fetch()`, then wrap the expression in parentheses to access the status code, like `(await fetch()).status_code`. In Rust, you can write `fetch().await.status_code?`. This becomes especially helpful in longer chains. E.g., an expression with two prefix awaits looks like `(await (await fetch()).json()).data`, whereas the Rust equivalent is `fetch().await.json().await.data?`, which reads more naturally.

Reviewer: The postfix versions a have  a `?`, but the prefix ones don't. For the `?`s to be really significant, they need to be after the `await` rather than the field access. For the prefix versions they could be used after the parens.

Author: Thanks! I'll add `?` after `.await` for the postfix versions.

For the prefix versions, should these be treated as hypothetical Rust prefix syntax, or syntax from languages that actually use it? My initial intent was to use valid Python so the syntax is recognizable, but I'm happy to change it. Just want to make sure we're aligned.

Reviewer: Either is fine

> Now let's look at how `async` and `await` actually behave. Consider the following functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's look at how `async` and `await` in practice. Consider the following functions:
```
